Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, they're going to display the product prize.
Okay.
Now, after the pardon record, the reason the row widgets are the reason for the row widgets is over
here.
We are going to have the prize in Hawaii.
We're going to have the hot button.
Okay.
So I started by then.
First of all, I just had the train come over.
That's a a very good format.
Okay.
So we can then have a project.
And as you know, the raw widget can take multiple widgets such as these children.
Okay.
Now, the first side of the row is going to be a colour widgets.
And the reason for this colour widget, this will they actually have the presence test?
Then at the bottom, they're going to have the product price.
Okay.
So there's going to be children.
And your first test.
He's going to say price.
Okay.
Now.
How did you recover and use concreteness to say.
Okay.
And where how did you come to?
This second test is going to be the product's price.
Okay.
The dollar sign is going to be products.
At three dot price.
Okay.
In this country.
You're a nurse to save it, to go check it out.
Okay.
You can see it over here.
Now, what we can then do is we can take this to the bottom rise in the size box.
And Heidi's right.
So it's going to be Vertica of this is one of the 21st and see.
Okay.
I think it's okay.
Now, what you can do is rub this with the pardon as well.
You know, that's the meat of this.
This a good silversides on this display, right?
Okay.
But what you can do is you can use cuts or this test of entropy to just single party rights to affect
all rather than just wrap up into the pattern for each.
Well, for now, we can just go with that.
Hopefully you can do that so you can refactor your code.
Okay.
So what is.
Rebel happy to take part in.
Okay.
It's going to be symmetric, which has to do with either vertical or is that a okay, it's going to
be horizontal.
That is from left to right.
So you're going to see 25.
Okay.
He's got to announce to save.
Great.
And now we can also start into this is going to be Starr is going to testify.
Test.
It is the font size.
It's in.
And fond tweets.
You can see font tweets.
The boat and sea use control in this.
Okay.
As well we can.
What you can do is you can use the W, you see Sandridge so it on that boat.
Okay.
Okay away as well we can.
This tie, it's going to test tie.
And we can say font size.
Of it's in as well.
And France tweets.
Fun.
Sweets, that bode okay.
Okay.
So what we can do is.
Over a year.
You can change the color to colors that gray.
Okay.
Goods and.
So it is the where is in the column because we want to display this test and this this test price and
this product price vertically.
Right.